(woman vocalizing)
(fire crackling)
JESUS: Father.
glorify Me with Yourself.
(whispering to himself)
(vocalizing)
Father...
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Speak through Me.
(whispering to himself)
(vocalizing)
(woman vocalizing)
♪♪
♪ Oh. child. come on in. ♪
♪ Jump in the water. ♪
♪ Got no trouble
with the mess you been. ♪
♪ Walk on the water. ♪
♪♪
♪ Oh. child. ♪
♪ Walk on the water. ♪
♪ Got no trouble. ♪
♪♪
♪ Walk on the water. ♪
♪ Walk on the water. ♪♪
- I'll be by the stream.
ABIGAIL'S MOM:
Do not swim.
- I won't.
(goat bleats)
(birds chirping)
(fire crackling)
- Yum. yum. yum.
Yum. yum. yum. yum. yum.
I'm sailing away.
whoo. whoo. whoo. whoo.
Yum. yum. yum.
(branch breaks)
(Abigail gasps)
(receding footsteps)
(Jesus humming)
(Abigail gasps)
(crickets chirping)
(rubbing sounds)
(blowing)
(crickets chirping)
ABIGAIL'S MOTHER: (sighs) And
Joanna just isn't doing better.
which will mean.
she will have to see
if they will give her space
to sell her headdresses
at the market.
And even if they do.
which doesn't seem likely.
because last time I was
at the market. it looked full.
she has to find time
to make them.
But she needs to focus her time
on helping him get better
so he can return to work
before they give his job
to someone else.
(sighs)
She just seems so scared.
Do you think you could stop
by tomorrow
to see if she needs help
with anything?
- Hmm?
- Can you stop tomorrow to see
if she needs help with anything?
- Joanna?
- Mm-hmm.
- I have to stay late myself.
I don't have time to...
I will see.
- Thank you.
It will mean so much to her.
You know how she gets.
- Hmm.
- So. Abigail. how was your day?
- It was fine.
Can I play with Joshua tomorrow?
- Only after you finish
your chores...
- I know!
I will get it all done first.
- Don't interrupt.
- I'm sorry. but after
second meal. may I go?
- I will ask his mother.
And where will you go?
- Um. just the field.
maybe the stream.
- No swimming.
- I know...
and chores first.
- So. what time were you
going to go see Joanna tomorrow?
I was thinking maybe
the evening would be better.
(hard blow)
♪♪
(blows)
- Blessed are You. Lord our God.
King of the Universe.
Who brings sleep to My eyes.
ABIGAIL: And there was one tool
I've never seen before.
I don't know what it's for.
I think He was building stuff.
I don't know.
And there was some food. too.
but even though I was hungry
I didn't take any.
because that would be wrong.
But maybe we could take
a little bit this time.
What do you think?
But I'm glad I didn't.
because that's when the man
got there.
Come on. go faster.
- I'm trying. Abby.
but your legs
are going too fast.
- If He comes this time.
should we say something to Him?
I think if you're with me.
it's okay.
I didn't see a sword
or anything like that.
So I don't think He'll kill us;
He seemed nice.
Do you have a sword.
just in case?
Oh. we're almost there!
Here it is!
- Blessed are you. Lord our God.
King of the universe.
Who gives forth bread
from this earth.
And I pray that if there
are ever two children
who come visit my home here.
that you will give them
the courage to say. "Shalom..."
- Let's go.
- Stay...
He's a good man.
- so that they will know they do
not have to remain in hiding.
- He's a good man. stay.
- Amen.
- We need to go.
- Stay...
we are going to stay.
(Jesus roaring)
(giggling)
- Pffftt!!
What's that sound I hear?
Sheep don't sound like that.
(makes another strange noise)
(giggling)
No. that's definitely not sheep.
Maybe a rooster?
Greetings. children.
You know. it is not safe for a
child to wander from their home.
You never know
if there are bad men around.
You are wise to bring
your friend this time.
- Joshua.
- Shalom. Joshua.
I admire your bravery
to come here.
You are a good friend.
Well. don't worry.
I'm not a bad man.
- See? I knew it.
- You are free to stay
for a bit.
but I'm afraid
I have some work to do.
- Okay.
- And thank you for not
taking any food yesterday.
- See? I knew it.
So. what are you doing here?
- I'm visiting for a time.
- Where are you from?
- Nazareth.
- What is that wood for?
- I'm building something.
- Are you a carpenter?
- Sometimes.
but I'm a craftsman.
I build all kinds of things.
- So. why don't you
live in a house?
- I travel a lot.
- How do you make money?
- Abby!
- Just asking Him
how He makes money.
- I know. you shouldn't.
- It's okay.
I don't make money
when I travel.
So. for now. I build things.
and I trade them
for my food and clothing.
- What is that?
- Ah. this is going to be
a lock and key.
- Joshua... ask Him questions.
He's nice.
- No. thank you.
- What else will you build?
- Wealthy people
love decorations
and toys for their children.
- My family isn't wealthy.
- Many times. that's better.
- I don't know about that.
(chuckles)
- You will.
- My mom made me this.
- Oh. what's her name?
- Sarah.
- Very pretty.
- Okay. time to go home.
Bye.
(receding footsteps)
(chuckles)
(sanding noise)
- It is good.
- Blessed are You. Lord our God.
King of the Universe.
Who brings sleep to My eyes.
slumber to My...
(Owl hoots)
(babbling brook)
- Just leave Him alone.
- Is He dead?
Shh.
- Couldn't have waited
half an hour. eh?
- Can we be around today?
These are my other friends.
and Joshua again.
- Shalom. Abigail's friends.
- Shalom.
- Can we be around today?
- I suppose.
but I have some work to do.
You might have to help.
Good.
(water splashing)
- How much longer
are you going to stay here?
- Until it is time for Me to go.
- When's that?
- Well. I have some work
to do here.
and some people to meet.
And then I will know
the right time.
- You seem nice.
Are you dangerous?
- Mm. maybe to some.
But no. not to you.
And I won't harm anyone.
- Do you have friends?
- A few. and more to come.
- Abby said you travel a lot.
Do you have a house?
- My Father provides
everything I need.
- Is your father rich?
(chuckles)
- Did Abigail tell you
to ask me that?
- No.
- That is a question
for another time.
- What's your favorite food?
- Oh. Joshua the Brave speaks.
Hmm.
I like so many different foods.
But I especially love bread.
for many reasons.
How are those spoons
coming along. girls?
Good?
- Good.
- String. is it tight?
- Yep.
- Almost?
- Almost.
- Okay.
So. tell me. do you all know
how to pray the Shema?
- Yes.
- Oh. I would love to hear it.
You lead us.
TOGETHER: Hear. Israel.
The Lord is our God.
The Lord is one.
You shall love the Lord.
your God. with all your heart.
all your soul.
and all your might.
And it shall come to pass.
if you surely listen
to the commandments
I command you today.
that you may gather
in your grain. your wine.
and your oil.
and you will eat.
and you will be satisfied.
I am the Lord your God
who led you from the land
of Egypt to be a God to you.
I am the Lord your God.
Amen.
- Beautiful.
Very good.
- So. why don't you have a home?
- My home is many places.
- Why?
- Because I have
a much larger job
than just being a craftsman
or a teacher.
- You are a teacher. too?
- I will be soon.
- What other job?
- Everyone has a much larger job
than just their trade.
And you are more
than just students.
You are at school
to show love to one another.
and to take God's Word.
and to share it.
And at home.
to honor your father and mother.
And most important.
from the law of Moses.
to love Who?
- The Lord your God.
with all your heart.
- Very good. Joshua the Brave.
So. I will be doing my work
in many places.
- Or maybe He's the best builder
who ever lived.
- Or maybe He's stronger
than Samson.
- Maybe He's going to be our
new teacher at synagogue school.
- I think He's maybe
a new prophet.
and He'll show us
the Word of God.
- No. there's no new prophets;
Rabbi Josiah said so.
- But maybe He's a murderer.
- He is not!
- But maybe that's why
He's by Himself.
He's running and hiding.
- Yeah. and probably He's
pretending to be a builder
so no one will know.
- That's not true!
He's building stuff with us;
we're watching Him do it.
- Yeah. He's smart.
so we should listen.
- But maybe we're even
helping Him build weapons
and we don't even know it?
- No. He's a good man.
- I think so too.
- I like Him. I'm just saying.
maybe He's a criminal.
- But no matter what.
we all agree.
we don't tell anyone
about Him. right?
See you here tomorrow.
- Shalom.
♪♪
(crickets chirping)
JESUS:
Our Father.
KIDS:
JESUS:
Who art in heaven.
KIDS:
JESUS:
Hallowed be Thy name.
- Hallowed be Thy name.
- Thy kingdom come.
- Thy will be done.
♪♪
(grinding noise)
(woman vocalizing)
JESUS: And laughing.
and nothing happened.
And they thought they were safe.
And all of a sudden.
two she-bears
came out of nowhere.
(roars)
(giggling)
(women vocalizing)
♪ - Behold how good
and how pleasing. ♪
♪ - If brothers could
sit together in unity. ♪
♪ - Brothers could
♪ - Behold how good
and how pleasing. ♪
and how pleasing. ♪♪
(wood clatters)
(Children chattering)
- So what did you do?
- I tried to walk away.
but he wouldn't stop pushing me.
So I pushed him so hard.
he fell down.
- And that's why
you were punished.
Did you expect
something different?
- But even Torah says
"eye for eye."
Why should I be punished too?
- Yes. but that is for a judge.
You were hardly
in a court of law.
And you. all of you.
are to be special.
You are to act differently
than others.
- You tell us to be gentle.
but Rabbi Josiah
said Messiah would lead us
against the Romans.
that he would be
a great military leader.
- It is important
to respect your teachers
and honor your parents.
and Rabbi Josiah is a smart man.
But many times.
smart men lack wisdom.
Is there anything in Scripture
that says Messiah will be
a great military leader?
There are many things
about Scripture
that you cannot understand yet.
and that is okay. that is fine.
You have many years
ahead of you.
And God does not reveal
all things at once.
But. children.
what if many of the things
that our people think
about how we are to behave
and how we are to treat
one another are wrong?
You want things to be fair.
When someone wrongs you.
you want to right it.
And you know who else
loves justice?
But what does the Lord say
in the law of Moses
about justice and vengeance?
- "Vengeance is Mine."
- Yes. very good. very good.
Boys. pay attention.
She doesn't even go
to Torah class. huh?
(chuckles)
The Lord loves justice.
But maybe
it is not ours to handle.
Do you remember when David had
the chance to kill King Saul.
who was evil to him?
But he didn't.
Saul was God's anointed.
And it was not
the right time for justice.
And God says He will have
compassion on His people when.
what?
Let's see if someone who studies
this at school is learning. huh?
- When their strength is gone?
- Yes. very good.
So. maybe we let God
provide the justice. hmm?
Maybe we handle these things
in a different way.
Not trying to be
the strongest all the time.
- Even Messiah?
- We will have to see.
But do not expect Messiah
to arrive in Jerusalem
on a tall horse.
carrying weapons.
And He will be most pleased
with those of you
who are the peacemakers.
- Where were you yesterday?
- I had to stay in town
later on.
There was a woman
who needed My help.
- Did you build something
for her?
- No.
You remember when I said
that I have a job
that is bigger than My trade?
There is a woman who has had
much pain in her life.
and she was in trouble.
So I helped her.
- Is she your friend?
- She is now.
And I have chosen her.
and others.
and more soon
to join me in traveling.
- Do they know You?
- Not yet.
- But what if
they don't like You?
(Jesus chuckles)
- Many won't.
This is my reason
for being here.
- I still don't understand.
What is Your reason
for being here?
- I'm telling you this.
because even though
you are children.
and the elders in your life
have lived longer.
many times. adults need
the faith of children.
And if you hold on
to this faith. really tightly.
someday soon you will understand
all of what I am saying to you.
But you ask
an important question. Abigail.
What is My reason
for being here?
And the answer
is for all of you.
The Spirit of the Lord
is upon me.
He has anointed Me to proclaim
good news to the poor.
He has sent Me to proclaim
liberty to the captives.
and recovering of sight
to the blind.
To set at liberty
those who are oppressed.
To proclaim the year
of the Lord's favor.
- Isaiah.
I have loved
spending this time with you.
You are all so very special.
And I hope that My next students
ask the same questions you do.
and that they listen
to My answers.
But I suspect they do not have
the understanding you do.
And I hope that
when the time comes.
they will tell others about Me.
like you have.
♪♪
(pounding)
(blows)
(fire crackling)
(birds chirping)
- Abigail. I know you can read.
You are very special.
This is for you.
I did not come
only for the wealthy.
♪♪
(woman vocalizing)
(man vocalizing)
♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm